---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kmi_account Data Source - terraform-provider-kmi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kmi_account (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `account_name` (String) The name of the account that KMI has been enabled for.

### Read-Only

- `collections` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--collections))
- `engines` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--engines))
- `groups` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))

<a id="nestedatt--collections"></a>
### Nested Schema for `collections`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account the collection belongs to.
- `adders` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the collection permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `distributed` (Number) The last time the collection was modified.
- `distributed_date` (String) The last time the collection was modified.
- `keyspace` (String) The last time the collection was modified.
- `modified` (Number) The last time the collection was modified.
- `modifiers` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the collection permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `name` (String) The name of the collection.
- `readers` (String) The group name of the admins who will read the collection
- `source` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--engines"></a>
### Nested Schema for `engines`

Read-Only:

- `adders` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the engine permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `cloud` (String) The cloud type of the engine.  azure, gcp, or linode
- `modified` (Number) The last time the engine was modified.
- `modifiers` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the engine permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `name` (String) The name of the engine.
- `published` (String)
- `published_location` (String)
- `source` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Read-Only:

- `account` (String) The account the group belongs to.
- `engine` (String) The engine the group belongs to.
- `name` (String) The name of the group.
- `projection` (String) The name of the identity projection
- `source` (String)
- `type` (String) The type of the group.
