---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "kmi_definitions Resource - terraform-provider-kmi"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# kmi_definitions (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `collection_name` (String) The name of the collection to create.
- `name` (String) The name of the definition to create.

### Optional

- `adders` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the definition permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `azure_sp` (Attributes) The Azure Service Principal to create. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--azure_sp))
- `b64encoded` (Boolean) Should the secret be Base64-encoded? If it's not set, then is "false"
- `modifiers` (String) The group name of the admins who will manage the definition permissions. This can be set to the KMI account admin group.
- `opaque` (String) The Opaque definition to create.
- `readers` (String) The group name of the admins who will read the definition
- `ssl_cert` (Attributes) The SSL certificate to create. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ssl_cert))
- `symmetric_key` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--symmetric_key))
- `transparent` (String) The Transparent definition to create.

### Read-Only

- `last_updated` (String)
- `options` (Attributes List) The list of options for the definition. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `secret_indexes` (String) The list of secret indexes for the definition.

<a id="nestedatt--azure_sp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `azure_sp`

Required:

- `auto_generate` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--ssl_cert"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ssl_cert`

Required:

- `auto_generate` (Boolean) Auto generate the SSL certificate.

Optional:

- `ca_name` (String) KMI path to the template used to sign the certificate by the CA.
- `cn` (String) Common Name of the SSL certificate.
- `expire_period` (String) The expire period for the symmetric key.
- `is_ca` (Number) Is the SSL certificate a CA.
- `issuer` (String) The issuer for the SSL certificate.
- `refresh_period` (String) The refresh period for the symmetric key.
- `signacl` (String) Collection that is eligible to sign the certificate. Can be used for CA definition setup.
- `signacldomain` (String) Much like a signacl rule, it restricts signing to the named collection. However, it has the additional restriction of only applying to a particular domain name or wildcarded domain (denoted by a domain starting with '*.' ). Can be used for CA definition setup.
- `signaclgroup` (String) Group that is eligible to sign the certificate. Can be used for CA definition setup.
- `subj_alt_names` (String) Subject Alternative Names of the SSL certificate.
- `subj_alt_uris` (String) Subject Alternative URIs of the SSL certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--symmetric_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `symmetric_key`

Required:

- `auto_generate` (Boolean) Auto generate the symmetric key.
- `expire_period` (String) The expire period for the symmetric key.
- `refresh_period` (String) The refresh period for the symmetric key.

Optional:

- `key_size_bytes` (Number) The key size in bytes for the symmetric key.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
